hi friends this week I'm sharing a dish
that will please even the pickiest
palates this recipe for stir-fried egg
noodles is a favorite among my friends
and colleagues and often requested for
our get-togethers when cooking for a
group keep in mind meat preferences and
food allergies this recipe can be easily
adjusted to accommodate these needs
here's what we need to make this dish
thin egg noodles garlic carrots celery
onion bok choy soy sauce oyster sauce
sugar vegetable oil and ground black
pepper we also need roast pork I shared
this video recipe earlier so please
click the link or see my channel for the
recipe feel free to use another meat of
your choice such as chicken beef or
seafood for vegetarian options use
pan-fried seitan or tofu or we can omit
the meat altogether we start by removing
the fresh egg noodles from the packaging
now gently unravel and loosen each of
the bundles using kitchen shears cut the
strands so they are shorter this will
make it easier to cook and eat later
next bring a large pot of water to a
rapid boil drop in the noodles and then
swirl around in the hot water for 30
seconds as the noodles are really thin
we don't want to overcook them now we
drain the noodles in a large colander we
rinse with cold water to stop the
cooking process toss the noodles in the
colander and try to remove as much of
the water as possible now let's spread
out the noodles on several large
platters or trays and let them air-dry
for 2 hours it's important that the
noodles are dry before stir frying
otherwise they will be soft and mushy
for the roast pork or any meat of your
choice we just need to cut into thin
strips smash the garlic and then remove
the skin now we can finally mince it
for the carrots cut into thin slices I'm
cutting at a slight angle and then we
cut into thin strips cut the celery
stock into 2-inch sections and then
again we cut each of the sections into
thin strips the onion just needs to be
cut into thin slices for the bok choy
separate the leafy part from the stem
cut the stem just like we did the celery
into thin strips cut the bok choy leaves
in half and then just give them a rough
chop the vegetables are prepped and we
can continue with the next steps to make
the stir-fry sauce let's combine two
tablespoons of soy sauce 2 tablespoons
of oyster sauce and 1 teaspoon of sugar
just give it a quick stir to mix
everything together next let's heat a
large wok over medium-high heat
and when it's nice and hot drizzle in 1
tablespoon of vegetable oil swirl the
wok slightly to evenly coat it with the
oil now add the minced garlic and
quickly stir fry for 10 seconds add the
carrots and stir fry for 1 minute next
add the celery and again stir fry for 1
minute add the onions and bok choy stems
and stir fry for 1 minute let's add the
bok choy leaves now and toss everything
together stir fry for about a minute
until the leaves are wilted now turn off
the heat add 2 tablespoons of the
stir-fry sauce and then mix everything
together finish by adding some freshly
ground black pepper now scoop out the
veggies and place in a clean bowl we
will be stir-frying these vegetables
again so they don't need to be
completely cooked at this time heat the
same wok over medium-high heat and add 2
tablespoons of oil add the noodles
making sure to spread them out on the
surface of the wok if you have a smaller
wok you may need to cook in a few
batches
try not to stir fry too many noodles at
once
or they may clump together stir-fry the
noodles for about 6 to 7 minutes
tossing and then spreading them out in
the wok so they don't clump too
if the noodles start to stick together
drizzle in a little bit more vegetable
oil now we can add back the vegetables
add the roast pork or your choice of
meat toss everything together combining
all the ingredients drizzle in the
remaining stir-fry sauce add some more
black pepper stir fry for another two
minutes and then we're all finished
enjoy this as a main entree or a side
dish hi I hope you've enjoyed this easy
how-to video if you have any questions
or comments please feel free to post
below for full recipes check out runaway
rice calm I work on new recipes each
week so please subscribe to my channel
to stay tuned this is trying wishing you
good eating and good health thanks for
watching